----------
test09
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Euler angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:742)
----------
test08
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Euler angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:742)
----------
test29
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Cardan angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:616)
----------
test06
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Euler angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:778)
----------
test01
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Euler angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:724)
----------
test21
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Euler angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:796)
----------
test20
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Euler angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:796)
----------
test05
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Euler angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:760)
----------
test26
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Cardan angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:670)
----------
test03
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Euler angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:742)
----------
test02
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Euler angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:742)
----------
test24
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Euler angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:760)
----------
test30
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Cardan angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:616)
----------
test19
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Cardan angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:634)
----------
test18
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Cardan angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:634)
----------
test17
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Cardan angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:670)
----------
test12
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Cardan angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:688)
----------
test10
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Euler angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:724)
----------
test16
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Cardan angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:670)
----------
test15
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Euler angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:706)
----------
test14
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.CardanEulerSingularityException: Euler angles singularity
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.Rotation.getAngles(Rotation.java:706)
